docs: ✏️ link to community repo instead of webpage (#71)
seedcase-project/community: roadmap.qmd

| Status | Deliverable |
|----------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| {{< var status.ongoing >}} | [`seedcase-project/decisions`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/decisions): Archival records on the decisions made for tools or processes we use in the Seedcase Project. |

> | {{< var status.ongoing >}} | [`seedcase-project/community](https://community.seedcase-project.org/): Sharing knowledge and skills learned from attending conferences and workshops in research software and data engineering or operational management |

Reviewer: But wait, so is this supposed to link to the github repo now?

> | {{< var status.ongoing >}} | [`seedcase-project/community](https://community.seedcase-project.org/): Sharing knowledge and skills learned from attending conferences and workshops in research software and data engineering or operational management |

Author: ```suggestion
| {{< var status.ongoing >}} | [`seedcase-project/community`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/community): Sharing knowledge and skills learned from attending conferences and workshops in research software and data engineering or operational management |
```

> | {{< var status.ongoing >}} | [`seedcase-project/community](https://community.seedcase-project.org/): Sharing knowledge and skills learned from attending conferences and workshops in research software and data engineering or operational management |

Author: Omg, I forgot to change the link itself, haha. Thanks!
